welcome back to movie on today i'm going
to explain the movie called honeymoon
from 2014. spoilers ahead watch out and
take care and i hope you enjoy it
at the beginning of the movie we saw a
couple who were planning their honeymoon
one of them was bia and the other was
paul they were just a newly married
couple they were watching their wedding
video and they were so happy about it
the next day they went to a small town
to celebrate their honeymoon
there was a house in the middle of the
forest
actually this was bias house when she
was little this house has not been used
for so long
there was a beautiful lake by the house
and now their romantic honeymoon begins
but at night when they fell asleep
suddenly a beam of light fell on their
face
but since they were in deep sleep they
couldn't understand what it was
the next morning paul made breakfast for
bia and himself after spending a good
time they went fishing in the lake with
their boat it was summertime but still
the lake water was so cold it was
evening time when they came back from
fishing and that's why they were looking
for a restaurant to have dinner after
looking for so long they found a
restaurant but the owner of the
restaurant was breaking everything
inside the restaurant he
straightforwardly told them that the
restaurant is closed but suddenly bia
called him by his name his name was will
and he was bias childhood friend
once they were boyfriend and girlfriend
he told bia that you guys wait here and
i will get you some food to eat but then
we saw annie and she was will's wife
she was looking so strange but when will
saw her in the restaurant he got angry
and took her inside bia and paul did
their dinner and came back to their
house but bia was worried about will's
behavior what exactly happened to will
maybe he didn't marry the right girl and
that's why they were mad at each other
after hearing this paul asked her do you
still love him and they started arguing
about this but they fell asleep suddenly
the alarm started to ring
paul woke up but he didn't see the clock
he thought that maybe the sun was up and
that's why he became ready to go fishing
bia was still sleeping in the bed but
while paul was about to go outside he
saw that it was 12 am in the night
that's why he went back to sleep again
but he saw that bia was not in the bed
paul began to look for her in the whole
house but still he couldn't find her
anywhere
after some time he went outside and
looked for her in the forest
after a long time he saw that bea was
standing in the distance
she was naked and she was looking down
to the ground paul got shocked and went
close to her he called her slowly but
bia got so scared about it paul gave her
his shirt and took her back to the house
he asked her why did you suddenly go to
the forest with no clothes on bia told
him that i don't remember anything
maybe i was sleepwalking and after this
night bia's behavior changed so much
paul told her that i've known you for so
long but you've never slept walked
beat tried to stay with him normally but
her behavior was not normal paul noticed
it when paul was about to have sex with
her he saw that she had a bite mark on
her thigh
paul asked her about it and she said
maybe these were mosquito bites but the
scars were bigger than mosquito bites
that's why paul started to doubt her he
went to that place where he had found
bia last night he found her dress and
there was some sort of liquid material
on her dress he hid the dress in the
room at night when he was about to have
sex with her bia was ignoring him paul
got mad at her and asked her what's
wrong with her you've changed a lot and
he also asked her about her dress
bee lied to him and said that the dress
was in the laundry but confirmed to her
that he had found the dress outside
they argued with each other about this
fact
and they went to sleep
but suddenly that beam of light fell on
paul's face and he woke up
paul followed that light and went
outside at midnight
he saw a shadow on the window and he
thought that this was will's shadow
he thought that maybe will and bea were
doing something paul took out the gun to
kill him and fired at the shadow
the next morning we saw that bia was
writing something in her diary
she wrote in the diary that my name is
bia my husband is paul this is our
childhood house
when paul came to her she closed the
diary
yesterday they argued with each other
and that's why they said sorry and went
outside on a fishing date
paul told her that i don't want to stay
here anymore
but bia said no meanwhile they kissed
each other but then via started to bleed
through her private parts
bia told him that maybe it's that time
of the month
but paul knew that she was injured
that's why he asked her to go to the
doctor
lastly paul got so annoyed and shouted
at her he asked her what happened to her
you're acting so strangely lately
you're doing this for your friend will
right
and then paul went to will's house he
saw annie was outside annie was also
acting strangely she told him my name is
annie and my husband is will and paul
had noticed this in bia's diary he asked
annie about will
but she told him to go away from there
this is not a safe place and suddenly
paul noticed that bite mark in annie's
thigh as well
before paul could ask her anything else
annie left with the boat paul found the
hat of will in the lake and it had blood
stains on it which means paul was in
danger paul secretly went to will's room
he saw that the computer was on and he
saw some security footage of their house
some days ago annie also went outside
with that beam of light and suddenly the
lights of that house started flickering
he saw that there was some paper on the
wall
and in those papers it was written that
the same thing that bia was writing in
her diary and those pages also had the
liquid slimy material we saw a shadow on
the window
paul came back to his house and he
showed will's hat to bia
he thinks that will has died and we
should get out of here as well
i don't know what's happening here
paul thought that annie was trying to
save them and all of this is happening
because of will
that's why paul was looking for the car
keys he could not find the keys and he
thought that bia might have hidden the
keys from him he got so mad at her and
kept looking for the keys
suddenly he found a diary of bia he saw
that something was written in that diary
he realized that the one who was
standing in front of him is not his wife
she's someone else
he told her that if you were bia then
you would have remembered everything you
didn't have to write this down in your
diary and bia was talking to him with a
strange accent as if she was remembering
everything and then talking to him paul
realized that she was lying and that's
why he tied her to the bed
paul noticed bia's body and some sort of
slimy liquid was coming off of her body
paul put his hand on bias private parts
and he found a creature inside her
private parts
bia was crying and paul was so shocked
after seeing this
he untied her and came outside after
some time bia came outside as well
she had no idea that she had gone
outside by following that beam of light
bia told him that i didn't see anything
because of the dark but there was a
black shadow that went inside me
that shadow had made me pregnant i can
feel it inside my belly i wanted to tell
you everything but i was scared about
you
i know that he will take me with him in
one or two days
but i didn't want to tell you because i
wanted to spend the last time of my life
with you
paul told her that nobody is going to
take you anywhere i'm calling 9-1-1
but suddenly that light fell on beast's
face and bia told paul that i don't need
you anymore bea hit him on the head and
he became unconscious
the next morning paul woke up and saw
that he was tied in the boat
bia told him that there's only one way
to save you
he wants to kill you as well but i want
to save you you will be safe under the
water and then beat through him into the
lake
maybe that is how will had died that day
and now paul also died like him
at the end of this movie we saw that
bia's body had become so ugly and she
was watching her wedding video
suddenly annie came there and she was
also looking so ugly as bia
both of them went in the direction of
that light and the movie ends here but
we need to tell you something more so
what exactly was that beam of light
actually the beam of light or the black
entity was an extraterrestrial entity
and that's why will was breaking
everything in his restaurant because he
also had some changes in him
maybe that creature had made annie
pregnant and that's why her behavior
changed bea was also pregnant because of
this entity and a creature was growing
up in her body
and that's why she was acting so
strangely bia was totally in control of
that entity because of that light and
therefore she threw paul in the water
the main theory is that the alien entity
was in the lake water that's why annie
and bia threw their husbands in the
water
and in the end they got trapped in that
alien entity totally
to watch more explanations of these
kinds of movies click on the videos on
your screen and don't forget to let me
know how you feel about today's video in
the comments down below
and at last i will say stay safe stay
well
thanks